

	Knights 2.42 Source Code
	========================

LICENSE:

  Knights
  Copyright (C) 1994   Kalle Marjola

  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
  modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
  as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
  of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
  GNU General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
  Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.

The license affects the source code, documentation, maps and graphics.

The full GPL is available at: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.txt



Alternatively, those who have obtained the source code prior to Aug
2009 can still stick to old "license" (but not recommended, as the
vocabularity on it is a bit misleading):


DISCLAIMER:   
	THIS SOURCE CODE IS REPRESENTED AS IT IS AND IS MEANT ONLY FOR
	PERSONAL OR PUBLIC DOMAIN USE. NO PARTS OR COMPLETE CODE CAN
	BE USED IN COMMERCIAL PRODUCT OF ANY KIND AND PRODUCTS
	INCLUDING EVEN PARTION OF CODE, GRAPHICS OR SOUNDS AVAILABLE
	MUST BE PUBLIC DOMAIN AND CHARGE OF PRODUCT MUST BE LIMITED TO
	PERSONAL DELIVERY EXPENSES


 


So, here it is: Source code for Knights 2.42 amiga 2-player hack'em'up
dungeon exploration game. Feel free to use them to upgrade this game,
but keep those upgrades publicly available so all enthuastics have fun
of them.


Contents of this package:
-------------------------
(NOTE: I'm not sure this all information is up-to-date; I'm just
trying to recall what everything did. And as I had said to all
requesting this source - this is filled up with magic numbers and
other information, which makes the project taxing at least)
	
*.IFF - graphics for various parts. Note that changinc these files has
no effect on game even when rerun or compiled, because they must be
first loaded into game in appropriate formats.

Kbtaker.AMOS - this utility should take data from Kbobs.IFF and put it
into bob databank

Kitaker.AMOS - same for background icons

Knights.AMOS - the source code, including some graphics in data
banks. Has numerous magic numbers etc., maybe I will find my notes
some day....

Lockmapper.AMOS - utility to generate knights room maps. Each map is
done so that there is 4 maps with identical floor plans but different
interiors and door locations. Traps are added with some keys (look at
source), etc.

Mapjoin.AMOS - utility to read maps from Maps/ directory and put them
into one separate databank.


----
Ok, that's all folks this time. If something is missing, please tell
me; I try to find them other day. My amiga is quite disassembled
nowadays etc. so it may take time...


				Kalle Marjola
				marjola Ã¤t iki.fi
				http://www.iki.fi/marjola/

